Update what's new (#2068)
organicmaps/organicmaps: iphone/metadata/en-US/release_notes.txt

> • New OSM maps data as of February 9, 2022
> • Fixed some cyclist routing bugs
> • Adjusted highways visibility
> • Transparent bottom toolbar background
> • New Help/About dialog on the main screen
> • Improved rendering of train stations, piers, dams
> • Improved search for fuel stations, posts, recycling and dump stations
> • Improved house numbers display in navigation mode
> • Made national park & military fills less obtrusive
> • Fixed some capitals incorrectly marked as cities on a World map
> • Updated ru, uk, tr translations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• New OSM maps data as of February 4, 2022
• New Help/About dialog on the main screen
• Hide bottom toolbar on tap at the empty map
• Transparent bottom toolbar background

Routing:
• Fixed routing bugs with unnecessary exits from the highway
• Fixed some cyclist routing bugs
• Respect "Avoid roads" setting for bicycle and pedestrian routes
• Fixed bug with invalid cross-region routing

Map:
• Added search categories for Water, RV Facilities and Recycling
• Added parcel pickup, excrement bags, quay, marina, caravan, dump station, mast, flag pole, funeral directors
• Better displaying of house numbers in navigation
• Select linear objects instead of area ones on long tap
• Towns and cities are properly prioritized on 10-11 zoom levels
• Prioritize parking over other areas like forests
• Improved rendering of piers, dams, cutlines
• Improved train stations visibility
• Made national parks & military fills less obtrusive
• Adjusted highways visibility
• Fixed some capitals incorrectly marked as cities on a World map.
• Corrected some icons

Translations:
• Fixed German, Italian and Turkish translations
• FAQ in Turkish
```
